LEYLA AND MECNUN
EPISODE 12
Take it away, man, for God's sake!
Eat it! It's compassionate to eat!
You killed the man, and you offer
me sweets after his funeral!
I don't want it!
I don't believe it! Did I kill him?
We killed him together!
Are you to trying to implicate me?
I have the feeling you are
Don't talk nonsense.
We didn't kill anyone.
It was an accident. He was pulling
the bag and then something happened...
Did you use enough chocolate
in the sweets?
I agree. I wish he hadn't pulled the bag
like that.
My late grandma always warned me
when I did something like that, saying
"Don't do it, you can fall down."
He stuck to the bag like a child.
It was obvious he'd fall.
Right? Of course it was.
We're not responsible
It's a user error, that's all.
The murderer is innocent, then?
Grandpa, why do you still say "murderer"?
Don't talk like that,
we could be arrested.
Listen to me,
what about going to a Turkish bath
and soaking ourselves?
Erdal, God damn you! You're still
thinking about going to a Turkish bath!
Hold the camera and raise it like this,
then take your own picture
in the reflection of that mirror.
That way, the camera
will appear in the pictures.
Then you can use it as a profile picture
or ID picture, whatever.
It's your choice.
No, you got me wrong.
I just want a headshot.
Twelve-piece set or twenty-four piece set.
Student discount. Does it ring a bell?
Ok. If you want a headshot,
please be seated.
Look at me. Yes, please look at me. Smile.
Smile a little more.
Look over here, a little to the left.
Raise your head a little. Ok.
Move your hand. Ok.
It's... It's not comfortable.
-You are not comfortable?
-Let's do it the old way. How about this?
Okay.
I'm taking your picture. Are you ready?
But please don't make any hand gestures.
What do you mean?
Sometimes the picture gets blurred
when the light flashes.
You know what I mean.
Don't ask me to explain it now.
Why would I do that? Like a grown up
child!
Let's take the shot, please.
Look over here, lower your head. Okay.
That's it. Raise your head a bit.
Raise your chin a little.
But we have a serious problem, a very
serious problem.
-What it is?
-The sweets.
It's a sloppy job. Not properly done.
I don't think you added the right
quantities of the ingredients.
If you know better, why didn't you
do it yourself?
I swear I would have done it better.
It would have melted the moment
it touched your lips.
What are you guys talking about?
We're in serious trouble, honest.
They must have found the corpse by now.
What if they found it?
What do you mean?
-We didn't kill...
-Our fingerprints are all over him.
Yes, they can identify the killer by his
shoe prints...
They could find us right away.
Mecnun, we didn't kill him.
He jumped! Maybe he had some problems.
Okay dad, let's remember that.
Maybe you can say that in court.
You'll say "We didn't push him,
he pushed himself."
Please don't talk like that,
for heaven's sake. l don't feel well.
I'm too old to go to jail.
They don't allow you to survive in jail.
They don't allow!
As-salamu aleykum, brothers.
Wa-Alaikum-Salaam!
Leave those pussycats alone!
Mecnun, watch out for those tattooed guys.
They're sneaky types.
They play tricks behind your back.
What are you talking about? What do you
mean by tattooed men nowadays?
Erdal, are you ok?
This is Turkey man, we don't have
such characters here.
In Turkey, when you are sent to jail,
you play a local musical instrument,
that's all! You may be skewered
in the toilet but...
I have a splitting headache.
Thanks, brother!
My head. I think I'm dying!
Elephants trampled down all the grass
while they were playing football
inside my head.
I am dying Erdal, give me a painkiller,
a soda, give me anything for God's sake!
Ismail, are you okay?
I'm not okay, Brother Iskender! I'm not!
What did I tell you just now?
Don't you listen to me?
I have a kind of hangover,
my body, my head.
It's like I have eaten a full
crate of grapes.
Eating grapes is kind of heavy on your
stomach. You should eat figs, brother.
What do we have to lose other than
our figs, Yavuz?
What?
I am in terrible shape! Terrible!
I don't feel good.
What happened to the bag?
Did I deliver it?
I don't remember anything!
What do you mean you don't remember?
Ahmet took the bag and left.
Don't you remember?
-Ahmet took the bag and left.
-Ahmet?
He took it and left.
What do you mean Ahmet took the bag and
left? What about the bag's gizmo?
-He opened it and left.
-What do you mean he took the bag
and left? What am I going to
tell the guys?
Why did he take my bag? Damn him that
scum bag, Ahmet!
Don't speak ill of the deceased!
It's a sin!
Dead?
Unfortunately. He's gone.
Sorry for our loss.
Is he dead?
What a nice man he was.
He was not able to complete
his self-improvement project.
What a nice man he was!
Are these sweets customarily offered
after a funeral?
Give me some, it's compassionate to eat
those sweets.
What a nice man he was.
What should we drink with it?
Tea, of course.
The best tea in town is at Grocer Erdal's!
Grocer Erdal!
What are you doing?
How did it happen?
These guys killed him.
Hodja, sir, you're kinda looking at me
as you say, "These guys killed him."
Is it me only?
Please, nobody should try to wriggle
out of this situation.
You're trying to trap me into it.
Please, Hodja sir. Please!
I didn't kill him all by myself.
We killed him together!
How could you do this to that guy
who was trying to self-improve?
How could you do this to a good man
like him?
What kind of people are you?
Why did you kill him?
Ismail, he took your bag and left.
Would you have preferred
we not follow him?
We did you a favor, but you don't
appreciate it!
Don't talk any more, Iskender.
Please don't.
You killed the guy.
Please say no more.
Don't hurt me any more!
You killed the guy
who was trying to self-improve.
Please don't hurt me anymore.
I am in pain, I am in mourning.
How does this work?
I think I have to turn the key.
Okay, let's go.
May the blessings of God be upon you!
Did he use expired ether?
Do we need to check the construction site?
Maybe they haven't found the body yet.
Nobody found the body?
How come no one has found the body yet?
Is it a wallet?
That's a huge body lying there.
Grandpa, what do you think?
-What should we do?
-Me?
Me? You are talking nonsense and
eating sweets,
and you are asking me now?
Grandpa you are being childish.
You are a White-Bearded Grandpa,
a holy man. Why are you acting like this?
You have a stick!
You get offended by everything.
You make innuendos.
-Don't do it, please.
-Hey guys! What are you doing here?
You are all here eating sweets.
Has someone died?
No, no. You have a stick, why...
-That thing, yes it's right.
-Let's do that thing.
-Yes, that thing.
-Okay then, let's go.
-Okay, let's do it. Let's go.
-Let's go that way.
Wait a minute, what's happening here?
Brother Erdal? Where are you going?
Guys, where are you going?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you getting rid of me?
Dad!
CHESS FOR BEGINNERS
I want Leyla!
We're back to square one!
Yes, we're back to square one,
but this time I am absolutely sure
I can do everything to get her!
That's good! I like your attitude.
Thank you, dad.
That slap in the face proved to me that
I can't live without her.
Did she slap you?
Yes, but I don't think a man is a man
until a woman slaps him.
Hasn't mom ever slapped you?
That's not worth mentioning!
You know what, after that slap I realized
that all the women around me
are interested in me because I am a rich,
intelligent, and well-mannered man.
That's very nice.
No dad! You don't understand.
Last night, I approached
a total stranger, only because
he looked like Leyla and I said "Hi!".
To a man?
Yes, to a man!
He looked like Leyla from a distance
but when I got closer
I saw he had a moustache and a beard.
It was disgusting.
I barely saved my skin.
Sit down! We can handle this matter.
They keep on working as if nothing
had happened.
Do you think they may have missed
the body?
Nonsense, Grocer! How can they miss it?
He was lying there, all stretched out.
So why do they keep on working
as if nothing has happened?
They have to keep working, brother.
The show must go on!
The night my dad passed away,
I also had worked.
I climbed nine stories with that sorrow
building up in me.
Look here! We'll go to the nearest
police station and tell them everything.
We'll say "It was an accident," "We're
sorry." and then have tea and leave.
Grandpa, I think you should go home.
"We'll have tea." Come on Grandpa!
Mecnun, I don't think this is going to
work. Let's go inside and look around.
I am a little scared.
There is a sign on the board that says,
"Come in, if you've got the balls!"
What's the worst that could happen?
Come on, let's go.
What will happen now?
Is it really dangerous to go
to the construction site?
Is it dangerous and prohibited?
Stop! Turn!
Now! Let's go!
Stop!
I have a plan but...
-What?
-They're standing there, right?
-I think...
-Yeah?
What's happening here? Tell me
what's happening.
Mecnun, how much do you think these
apartments cost? Can we afford them?
Too expensive.
These are brand new apartments.
The price is normal.
That's not the issue, if we pay now,
it won't be so expensive.
Yes.
We've come here at the wrong time. All the
apartments should be sold out already.
Let's go guys. Let's go.
Okay Kamil, see you later.
Where are you going?
We're all from the same neighborhood.
Why are you getting rid of me?
That's not nice.
Brother!
Listen Metin, Arda wants Leyla.
Yes, I want her!
Persuade her! Don't discourage him.
I am so bored! Finally I will organize
a celebration and invite everybody.
And then I will arrange contests and offer
my daughter's hand to the winner.
What are you talking about, Metin?
What are you saying, mister?
I see you more often than I see my wife.
I am always here, thanks to you.
I can't even go to work because of you.
If that's what she wants, what can I do?
Metin! Are you aware
whom you are talking to?
Are you aware whom you are talking to?
Yes, I am aware, mister! Don't worry!
But that's all I can do.
Please don't call me again
about this matter.
Well! Good luck!
He kicked you in the butt!
I will finish him off.
He will regret what he said! First...
Okay, dad. Let it go.
But he said he would organize contests.
Do you think he was serious?
Even if he was, I'm sure I will win.
Actually if it requires intelligence
I can't do it, but if it's about sports,
I'll certainly succeed.
What happened? Why do you have
that kind of look?
Do you think Ismail can handle the task?
Why can't he brother?
He will enter the building
and just look around a bit, that's all!
Only if he gets the job.
He's already got it!
I hope he does it fast.
I closed the store.
He will be fast. It's okay. He'll just
look around a bit, that's all!
Hopefully.
What is Ismail doing inside anyway?
He went in to...
Kamil is here. Let's go!
What's happening? What are you up to?
I will show you what it means to
get rid of Kamil! Here's the motorcycle!
Leyla! It is you, right?
You don't have a moustache. Yes, it's you.
For a moment I thought you were
the guy with a moustache.
I thought I was in trouble again.
Me? A guy with a moustache?
Arda, are you ok?
No, no I am not okay. I'm an evil person.
I have evilness in my genes.
I have evilness here, and here.
I have evilness flowing all over me.
Actually, I'm a bad guy.
Actually, that's exciting!
Leyla! Where are you going Leyla?
I am a villain. I could throw a stone
and give you a black eye.
Were you also sent to the players' bench,
man?
No, I was ordered directly off the field.
Do you want me to help you?
Why? Do you also have evil genes?
I don't know. But I have a crazy look!
That's good. How are you going to help me?
So, they're up to something?
Yes, exactly!
They don't generally act like this.
There's something fishy going on.
Why are you betraying your friends?
Friends? Whose friends?
They always get rid of me.
I want to leave a mark in this life.
That's enough!
Well! I like ambitious men.
If they are both ambitious and evil,
I like them all the more.
Follow Mecnun and his friends
at all times.
Go after them, but don't let them see you.
Take pictures secretly.
I wonder what they are up to.
Yes sir!
Everyone has left the building
except Ismail. Where is he?
Where is he, really?
We are exposed here!
Standing like Ismail's parents.
There is no cure for my pain
I feel blue and miserable
Brother Ismail!
-What are you doing?
-Earning my bread and butter, Mecnun!
Brother, we sent you inside to
look around. Did you get a job?
Where is the body?
I secretly asked the guys working here,
but there is nothing.
I want to ask you something. Did you
recently see something interesting?
How interesting?
I don't know. For example did you see
a korps?
For God's sake, Brother Ismail! Did you
ask those men about the corpse?
I didn't say corpse!
Why are you asking me this, am I a moron?
-Don't you know me? I said korps, korps!
-What is a korps?
It means man who is not entirely dead.
I used that word especially
to get them confused. What's the plan?
Dad, let's look around.
I can't come with you, Mecnun.
I'm very busy.
in two weeks.
Is it possible to finish this work in
two weeks? Is it reasonable?
Ismail, you don't have your bag.
Yes.
Ismail, if we don't find the bag,
they will find you.
What can I do?
Let's say they found me. It's not worth
breaking one's heart for a bag.
No, they don't break your heart.
They break your skull.
What are you talking about!
For God's sake Grandpa, he's scaring me!
They don't break your skull.
They break each and every single
bone in your body.
You say they will break something
in any case!
Guys, the place is clear.
Outside is clear too.
Does anyone sees anything?
Where is this corpse?
What if someone buried him
to do a good deed?
That's absolute nonsense!
Erdal, you've become
a frequent bullshitter! Don't do that!
Why are you talking like that!
It was just a thought. I thought out loud.
Do not think, Erdal. Why are you thinking?
Skip that process. Just freeze.
Come on! Why are you treating me as
the weakest link in the chain?
I'm aware that you all are going to
set me up! I know it!
Brother Erdal, what an inappropriate
gesture that is! Is that proper?
-What do you mean a "link"?
-You are talking nonsense, gibberish!
I am already dead! They will break
my bones for that bag but you are still...
No, they won't. I caused all of this, so
I am going to solve everything.
I have a plan.
What plan?
Frankly speaking, I always prefer
to speak frankly.
I appreciate sincerity.
Sincerity is important in the
business world.
Yes you are right.
We couldn't deliver your bag.
When you said 22 hours 22 minutes
I got confused already.
So, here is your bag.
What the hell is that? Are you kidding me?
Never! It's not my style.
I always appreciate sincerity
in the business world.
Screw your business world!
Where did you find this bag?
Help! A thief!
Am I such a person? Shame on you!
What about my bag?
If only we also knew where that bag was.
This is also a nice bag. It's chic.
It has style. It's real Bengal tiger.
Waterproof.
You are still making fun of me!
Recai, what do you think,
should I shoot him?
It's up to you, boss.
If you are going to shoot,
let's take him outside.
-It's always hard to clean the floor.
-What?!
They're talking about shooting.
What about breaking bones?
What kind of an organization is that?
What kind of a plan is that, Yavuz?
-Wait a second!
-Listen to me!
You stay here and say you will bring that
bag from the place where you hid it!
Or else, your friend will be dead!
What are you talking about?
If I knew where the bag was,
I would definitely bring it back.
Find it and bring it.
You have 23 hours and 23 minutes.
What do you mean 23-23?
Do you have to be so precise?
Let's say 24 hours.
No! I have my own plans!
What the hell!
Darling, what's going on?
What's with the long face?
Nothing, I'm fine.
Should I tell her?
Grandpa, please be silent!
For God's sake!
I don't believe it!
Look at what she has done,
and in our cafe!
Is it your cafe?
No we don't own it.
We were going to get engaged here,
but this scum bag came with a horse
and confused her.
If it wasn't for the horse,
we would have been engaged.
-But the horse confused Leyla.
-He came on a horse!
What are you still doing? They're just
sitting. Why are you taking more pictures?
Then, let me go to the neighborhood and
follow the others!
Ok, suit yourself.
-Ok, I'm leaving.
-Ok.
This is for you.
What is this?
It's my headshot.
Your headshot?
What am I to do with your headshot, Leyla?
Am I from the local government?
I thought, maybe you would like to put it
in your wallet. Everybody does that.
Do they?
Yes, they do.
Do you want my picture?
They're exchanging headshots.
What miserable creatures they are!
I'm so ugly, right?
-So cute! But you've changed a lot.
-Your face has changed, don't lie.
You've changed a lot.
This doesn't look like you.
Of course I've changed.
I've become all together another person.
Do I look like that?
Let's go, Grandpa.
I can't go anywhere. The girls are coming.
I have to wait for them.
Are you going to wait for the girls?
We have to go, but you can stay.
See you later.
Son, what's happening to you?
Why did you act like that?
What is it? Grandpa, please
don't get on to me! I feel blue.
Why don't you tell Leyla everything?
-Right?
-Yeah.
I should tell her everything.
Leyla, I am a murderer.
Actually, I can't be defined as a murderer
since it was an accident
Also, I wasn't by myself. It was teamwork.
What really matters is not my being
a killer but my team's success.
Yes, I have a team.
Can you guess its name?
"Natural Born Killers".
It could work.
Actually it's cool. I'm not sure.
I don't know.
What's he doing here?
Oh, what's up, man?
What are you doing here?
I'm going to buy a waterfront mansion,
so I am trying to choose which one.
You are a bizarre man.
It's all because of my hair.
Why don't you stop following her, mate?
You have become a laughing stock here.
-Have I?
-You have! Shame on you!
Don't do it anymore. You are a young man.
Stop following her.
I have a suggestion for you.
Let's go to my mom.
-She has got a thick catalogue of girls.
-Are you serious?
She collected all of them over the years.
Let's look at them.
It's not necessary.
-I can handle it myself.
-Why bother?
For example...
Excuse me beautiful lady,
have we slept together?
How is your head? Does it hurt too much?
Yes it does. It hurts too much.
What are they carrying in their bags?
I don't know.
Never make assumptions about what they are
carrying in their bags,
you should be prepared for everything.
Let's say she had
every right to punch me,
-why did you also punch?
-You can't do that!
You can't say such words to a lady!
You should be a gentleman towards a woman.
You should be a serious man.
-Do I make myself clear?
-Yes you do.
Actually my approach to her was
quite cute.
It worked before. I don't understand
what went wrong this time.
Brother, your situation is worse
than mine.
You should learn how to speak to a lady.
Learn how to be polite.
They are women. You should know
these things.
Do you need help?
Do you want Grandpa for a little bit?
Do you know how to use him?
Grandpa. Are you going to be our Grandpa?
Coochie, coochie coo.
Get your hands off!
If you treat me like a child, I will
beat you with this stick!
He's so shy.
Nuts! Six of one and half a dozen of
the other!
It's too hard. After a certain age,
they turn into a child. It's really hard.
He's so touchy. You know...
Do you think the Earth will be the same?
How?
I mean humankind has come from a
primitive age to this hi-tech age,
and from this point
are we going to go backwards?
Just like old people becoming children?
Do you hear yourself?
Why, am I wrong? Listen to me, I'm going
to tell you something.
I'm so unhappy, do you know that, Mecnun?
I have all the money in the world
but I'm still unhappy. I can't be happy.
-Your life is harsh.
-Yes it is.
Don't try to find happiness.
It's just a moment in life. A moment.
Take that moment and the rest is trash.
It's true.
You know what, take this. Take it.
What is that?
It's money. Maybe you'll be happy
for a moment.
Brother, why are you giving me that?
How much is there anyway?
I don't know, man. It comes pre-packaged
from the bank.
-Honestly?
-Honestly.
No kidding!
Brother, I hate you.
I am evil, brother. I have it in my genes.
But it's not a good thing.
I know, but I can't help it.
I inherited it from my father.
-I understand.
-Let's break up peacefully.
I see dead people!
What is that! What's happening here?
Am I seeing a ghost now? Are you a ghost?
Easy, easy! Don't shout at me!
It's not what you think, I'm here
to help you.
-To help me?
-Yes.
What kind of help?
I think you should confess everything.
In the end, you didn't kill that guy.
That guy?
Grandpa, is it you?
Grandpa?
No, I'm not your Grandpa.
I'm your conscience.
My conscience.
Wonderful!
-I am here to make you suffer.
-This is good. Wonderful.
I have gone completely mad.
I think, you shouldn't be afraid of me.
No way! Why should I be afraid of you?
It has become boring.
If you'll be here for a long time,
you can't sleep there
because it is Grandpa's place.
This is mine, but if you like
we can share it.
This is the only problem.
-You're standing, why don't you sit down?
-Thanks!
Mecnun!
We are gathered at Brother Erdal's place.
We need to talk. Come on!
Brother, I am coming but first
I want to ask you a question.
-Ok ask.
-Do you see anyone besides me?
-No.
-No?
I think you should open the curtain,
it may be blocking your vision.
No.
Really? Do you see?
Anyway brother, thank you.
-Let's go!
-I'm coming in a minute.
-Let's go brother!
-Gosh!
-This is serious.
I said to him "Listen to me mister! Who do
you think you are? You can't force me!"
And then "I'm sick and tired of your
threatening attitude, get off my tail."
Well-said!
I was going to curse but then
I thought it wasn't worth it.
Don't you think he's going to
mess with us?
What can he do?
He can threaten to evict us from his home.
He can ask you to pay your debts.
He can sabotage your business.
He can even send you to jail.
Jail?
As-salamu aleykum, brother.
Wa-Alaikum-Salaam!
Does he do that?
No, I don't believe he does.
Wow!
Poor Ismail.
He was a loser,
but still he was a good guy.
Erdal, if you want, you can prepare sweets
to offer after his funeral.
I think we should wait for the morning.
Silence, for God's sake! We're trying
to talk about what we can do.
Let's think about what we are going to do!
They have Ismail. We have to
find that bag.
We're running out of time.
I can't imagine how they are
torturing him right now.
Pity on him!
-Do you think I am a moron?
-No! I can't handle this kind of torture.
Please kill me! Shoot me!
That bracelet is fake, Kamil.
Please kill me!
This is the third domestic comedy series
you have made me watch!
These are not funny at all!
I can't breathe.
I can't take it anymore!
Kill me! kill me now!
Recai, take him to his room.
He ruined my only TV pleasure.
Actually these productions are
socially beneficial and funny.
Thank you! May God bless you! Please lock
me in that room and keep me there.
Maybe they're torturing him with a mangle
or electrifying him or maybe...
Erdal go fetch us something to drink.
Erdal, hurry!
Ok, what do you want to drink?
Tea, of course!
The best tea in town is at Grocer Erdal's!
Grocer Erdal's!
I think we can solve the problem
with the replica of the bag.
How?
-Bag...
Dad, do you know what's inside the bag?
It is useless to find a replica of it.
Yes, you're right.
Why does everything happen to us?
It's because of me!
How did the guy fool me?
Don't blame yourself!
You are only human after all.
We can't know if it's good or bad.
Don't upset yourself.
Don't say we!
I was aware of that guy
from the very beginning.
Well done, Grandpa! Congratulations!
You're one in a million!
Then, please show us
how to get out of this situation.
Listen to me carefully.
What did Ismail tell us
on the construction site?
He told us the foreman wants to finish
the job in two weeks, am I right?
So?
If the police finds a corpse there, the
construction will be slowed down, right?
In this situation, it's possible that
they buried the body if they found it.
What about the bag?
I don't have a clue about that.
We also can't ask those men.
Do you know what we are supposed to do?
First we should go to the construction
site and search for the body.
If we find it, it means
one of the workers has the bag.
So, what are we going to do?
What do you mean, what are we going to do?
We're going to search
the construction site.
If we find the body, we find the bag.
God bless you, Grandpa! Let's go!
-Are we going?
-We are going!
Oh, Grandpa! You are really
one in a million!
Are we going to the construction site
at night?
Come on, hurry up!
Where are you going? What about tea?
We are going to the construction site.
What are we going to do
on the construction site?
-We are going to look for the body.
-We were there just this morning.
There were no corpses.
We're going to dig, Erdal.
Grandpa said that someone among the
workers may have buried the corpse.
Said him, said Grandpa!
He said, they may have buried it.
How?
I said this. I said this
while we were there.
I said "Maybe someone buried him
as a good deed".
You told me not to bullshit!
Grandpa said that?
-Erdal...
-Shame on you!
He's stealing my idea!
Erdal, there's a problem with your style.
Yes, you can find an idea, but that's all!
You don't follow the idea, you impose it.
For heaven's sake, Iskender, come on!
You didn't even listen to me there.
But when he proposes the same thing,
you all follow him.
Don't you see his beard?
He's got a beard!
He has persuasive skills!
Brother, he has a stick!
What else would you ask for?
You need to dig all the way from here
to there! From here to way out there!
Hodja, we're already digging!
Don't you see?
Don't push Grandpa's buttons!
Shame on you!
Iskender, it offends me!
He both steals my ideas and gives orders.
Why doesn't he dig anyway?
He's an old man, Erdal.
It's not here. I swear it's not here.
My back is not good. I swear it's not
here. We have been digging for hours!
We will dig, brother!
They could shoot Ismail
if we don't deliver the bag on time.
I understand, but it isn't here!
Are we going to dig up the entire field?
If we have to dig it up, we will!
Ok brother, you can leave!
I will dig all alone!
For Ismail!
He says that for Ismail!
Since when are you so close to him?
If anybody sees us with the body,
we will be arrested for sure.
We can't even justify ourselves.
I hope we can manage to break out
of the prison.
SEN BROTHERS PROUDLY PRESENT
DASLI GALA
Gosh!
Erdal,
you don't have the foggiest idea
about a prison, right?
Erdal, why Dasli Gala?
Dasli Gala?
That makes no sense.
We managed to escape from jail
but we're still wearing the same clothes
while we're singing on that hill.
Everything is reasonable so far, but only
that part bothers you. Interesting!
We escaped from jail,
we sang Dasli Gala, brother.
He is talking about taking us
to the top of a mountain wearing pajamas.
For God's sake, what are we doing here?
We're digging graves in the middle
of the night on a construction site!
If anyone sees us, they'll think
we're burying somebody!
There's a corpse
on the construction site. Corpse!
A corpse? Are you sure?
I'm sure, boss!
He said they're looking for a corpse.
They dug all around the construction site.
I took their pictures.
That's it!
We show those pictures to Leyla, and
she ruins Mecnun! How is that for a plan?
Okay brother! Don't look at me
like that! You are scaring me!
Easy boss! Let it go!
Brother, at least one of you stays
with me. I'm afraid to be by myself!
I swear I'm very scared to be here
by myself. I can't sleep alone.
Brother!
Brother! At least you can give me
a pair of pajamas.
I can't sleep in these clothes.
Who am I talking to?
Brother!
She's beautiful.
Yes, she's beautiful.
Are you going to stand by my side
every night?
That's kind of what I do.
You shouldn't sleep well
when you go to bed.
You know, I am your conscience.
I shouldn't let you sleep all night.
Good heavens!
Let's watch some TV.
What do you want?
I don't know. We'll find something.
Turn it on.
Look at that table!
My wife and daughter have
prepared breakfast for me.
That's life!
Sevim, do you think it is time to
retire and take care of the garden?
Metin! What a brilliant idea!
You'll plant some vegetables, and
we'll have a healthy diet.
They inject hormones into everything
in the farmers' markets.
Besides, they are so expensive.
She takes everything seriously.
As if she goes to the farmers' market!
She's funny!
Look at what he's doing!
-Good morning, have a nice breakfast.
-Thank you.
What are these?
Mecnun and his friends' excavation work.
They're burying the man
they killed.
Which one is Mecnun?
-This one is Mecnun. Isn't he?
-No, he isn't.
I think this one. No, this one is Mecnun.
No, it's White-Bearded Grandpa.
It is white beard.
We have clearer ones.
Brother, what is this?
For God's sake, what is this?
It was just a mistake.
Let me take it, then.
Take these too.
We're trying to have our breakfast.
Please leave us alone.
Let me tell you something.
Did you ever think about why there is
never a woman with Mecnun?
A man spends time with women.
Am I right, Uncle Metin?
Yes you are right.
When I was young, I was full of vigor...
Yes, you are right.
You see? I am right.
There are no women beside him.
Why? Because he is a murderer.
Maybe he is kidnapping and killing them.
He could be a killer like Jack the Ripper.
Butter knife didn't fit here, right?
How?
Never mind!
You may think so.
But don't assume it's so in this case.
This one is small. It's not
very effective.
Do you have any bigger knives?
They are more effective.
Where are you going?
I am looking for the bus terminal.
Do you know where it is?
What are you talking about? Get inside!
What do you mean, "get inside"?
You've confused me with someone else.
Get inside or I'll shoot you!
You didn't believe it, right?
My voice has the right tone.
Confused me, confusing me.
I cannot pronounce the word!
What did you buy? Tomatoes!
There are eggs in the kitchen.
Let me make you an omelet! Come on!
-Go in.
-Come on!
Come on!
What's going on, Yavuz?
I'm thinking about Ismail all the time.
I couldn't stay at home.
Same here!
How are we going to save him?
I thought about it all night long.
I couldn't sleep.
I slept through the night easily.
I was aching all over my body
because we kept digging all night.
I was exhausted and slept like a log.
We need to exercise, Yavuz, exercise!
Brother Erdal are you serious?
Why are you talking like that, Yavuz?
Am I wrong, don't we need to exercise?
If you don't exercise, you become...
-The Mystery Corpse!
-Corpse!
Yes, you become a corpse.
The corpse! Corpse!
They've found the corpse!
MYSTERIOUS CORPSE
-They've found the corpse?
-Yes, here is a picture of him, look!
The body of a man, man called A. D.
was found on the roadside
yesterday afternoon in Ankara!
It says Ankara, brother!
What is the corpse doing in Ankara?
How should I know?
Gosh!
Man!
They're coming to arrest us!
Ok! Just relax, will you?
We will deny it. We'll say
we didn't do it. Don't act suspiciously.
Gosh! I acted suspicious, Yavuz.
-What did you do?
-I winked, Yavuz!
Why did you wink at a stranger?
I didn't want to blink! I winked my left
eye but couldn't wink with the right one!
He's going to think that
I'm flirting with him!
Damn it!
-Run!
-Freeze! Police!
The game is up, Yavuz!
Nothing is over. Leave it to me!
He did everything! I'm innocent!
He also knocked out Ismail!
He's to blame!
What a snitch you are!
Why are you running?
You're wasting your energy in vain!
Ma'am, is this the guy
who stole your purse?
Yes, officer. This guy snatched my purse!
You're... Oh dear!
Never mind! I assumed it was
something else entirely!
Why did you steal the lady's purse?
Isn't it too shameful?
Look me in the eye and answer me.
Do I look like that kind of person?
It was entirely an act of protest.
I was going to return it.
What are you protesting?
I was protesting the killing of animals
on the brink of extinction
for the purpose of making purses,
shoes or fur coats.
Those who kill animals for pleasure
are not human beings!
This is the case!
-Ma'am?
-I'm sorry.
I wasn't aware that they were endangered.
It is not a shame not to know, ma'am,
It is a shame not to learn.
From now on please be more aware.
We're sorry for having prevented you
from doing your job.
No, no. It's not important.
Have a good day.
Let's go.
I told you to leave it to me!
For God's sake!
Don't run!
-Mecnun!
-What?
Excuse me! When you called out suddenly,
I answered reflexively.
-I also didn't get enough sleep.
-Couldn't you sleep well?
No, I couldn't. My conscience bothered me
all night. I couldn't sleep at all.
What conscience is that?
I am getting low grades in school.
I was regretting that and couldn't sleep.
Mecnun, I want to ask you something
but please answer me honestly.
Honest answers?
For heaven's sake, Leyla!
When did I lie to you?
Have I ever lied to you?
I have three months to live, Leyla.
Three months!
What do you mean three months?
Is this a joke? Three months!
February, April, March.
February, March, April.
They used me as a bait then.
They said "Go for it," "You can do it."
They forced me. I couldn't decide
what to do. I'm not lying.
You introduced yourself as Arda.
And then...
Wait a minute! What are we doing here?
Are we going to accuse each other
in the middle of the street?
You told me you had lost your memory.
Did I accuse you, then?
These are small problems.
Please don't make something
out of nothing.
Are you involved with other women
besides me?
Was that the problem?
For God's sake, there are no other women
besides you. You are so jealous.
I never cheated on you,
I don't like cheating at all.
I am all alone, honest.
That's simply not all right.
I'm sorry.
Arda came to my place this morning
and told me you were a killer.
Oh my God! How did he know?
What?
Why did he make that up, I mean?
He's just blathering. What nonsense!
-It is nonsense, right?
-It is nonsense!
Why are you talking to him anyway?
He is a scoundrel! He is scum!
A disgusting villain!
He's not responsible for that.
He's got it in his genes.
Maybe he is not responsible,
but are you still going to believe him?
Are you going to believe a genetically
modified organism
or an organic man like me who sucked milk
three years in a row from his mother?
-You say there is no such thing.
-Believe me!
Mecnun!
-They've found it!
-What have they found?
The corpse!
-What?
-The corpse!
Oh Lord! I'm making him repeat!
Leyla, we need to speak about
an urgent matter. Now!
We've killed a man!
God damn you, Brother Erdal!
Why are you talking about the last thing
all over again? How tactless can you be?!
Can we leave here and talk, Leyla?
I am a candid man, Yavuz. That's who I am.
Iskender!
How can this corpse be in Ankara?
I don't understand.
Do you think one of us took the body
to Ankara?
Don't talk nonsense, Yavuz!
We're all here.
Hodja sir, I think you may have a clearer
idea about this matter.
Frankly, we would like to hear about it.
Erdal, leave him alone.
He stole my idea.
He stole the idea but
what happened anyway?
The corpse is in Ankara? What happened?
Listen. I think you shouldn't worry
about the reason.
Since the corpse is in Ankara,
it means you're okay.
It means he didn't die here.
It means no one will be looking for you.
Yes, of course!
Finally! Then the case is closed, right?
-Finally!
I was so tense.
Finally! You sold Ismail out
straight away!
If we don't deliver the bag
they will kill Ismail!
Yavuz, you didn't let us enjoy the moment!
You can enjoy the moment!
I'm going to Ankara!
If the corpse is there, so is the bag!
-How will you get there?
-I don't know! By train?
You're a genius!
Did you also think that they will kill
Ismail ten times over
-while you are on the road!
-Is it that far?
It is 450 km. from here.
The round trip takes too much time.
Too far!
I can't imagine it.
-Listen to me, Yavuz.
-900 km.
Since the police are not after us,
maybe we should go and
inform them about Ismail.
Don't talk nonsense, Erdal. They'll kill
Brother Ismail that very moment.
He's right.
Stop there!
There is only one way to save Ismail,
and we're going to try that!
We'll sort it out!
What are we going to do?
The guy with a moustache.
What happened to 23-23?
You've done their best by notifying us.
Everybody else would try to be a hero.
Wouldn't they tell the officer,
wouldn't they?
If everyone did his job, there
would be no problems in the country.
Well said! Excuse me. I need to leave.
My colleague is taking your friend's
testimony.
If something happens you can call me
anytime.
Thank you very much!
Have a nice testimony.
-Don't we know how to call the police?
-Well said!
He stole my idea again.
Didn't I suggest the same thing back
at the house? You didn't listen to me.
But they said that they were going to
shoot Ismail.
Otherwise, it was my first plan, too!
And then, they imprisoned me in a room.
I was so afraid to be all alone there.
They also didn't give me any pajamas,
but later I fell asleep.
I had nightmares about those
gross sitcoms.
That's the story. We went after the bag
for Brother Ismail.
I didn't see it coming.
I think you should go to police and
tell them everything.
In conclusion, it was an accident.
I was going to tell them, but I was scared
I would be sent to prison.
I was scared to be away from you.
I would always wait for you,
whether it's a minute or a lifetime.
A lifetime? Do you think
I would be jailed for life?
Wait a second!
What?
What happened?
Nothing happened! Have we lost contact
somewhere or what?
-Why did this happen now?
-I don't know.
Come.
Oh, my darling.
Why is this happening?
There's nothing unusual.
God! Now should be the right time!
Does it have to be now?
Don't panic! Let's ask Grandpa!
Yes, to Grandpa! Let's go!
Pakize, Pakize! I have bought fish.
You can cook them.
Don't waste your breath!
Pakize is visiting a neighbor.
Ok then, you can clean and cook these.
They are so delicious.
The house will stink all over!
What's the point?
Fish Grandpa, fish.
Look at my face, Grandpa
there is a big smile on my face,
while this smile is still on my face
please let's do this and
let's live happily ever after.
Look, I also bought figs.
Fish and figs...
Let's take the oven to the garden
and cook the fish outside.
Delicious fish and figs!
Isn't it too mysterious?
Now that the corpse has been found in
Ankara, we're not considered murderers.
Brother Ismail is also okay. No problem.
I can hold Leyla's hand.
There is no problem.
Then everything is fine! No problem
anymore! Did we solve everything?
Can we be happy?
Do we have any problems
related to happiness?
Can we be happy?
Then, I am so happy now!
I am so happy now!
Happiness really confuses me!
Should I jump off from there?
Will you marry me? Leyla, marry me now!
No, no way.
Why are you talking like that?
If you let me, I'll go to the pier
and dive into the sea, find that ring and
make you wear it!
Even if I don't find the ring
I will pick oysters and make you a
necklace from all those pearls!
If I can't find oysters I can find
mussels! Mussels!
Do you want stuffed mussels?
Grandpa, you're a really nice man!
I really love you.
-Ok, son! Ok!
-Grandpa!
-Don't push me, Grandpa. I love you!
-Ok, son! Ok!
-You're a really nice man Grandpa!
-Ok, son. Don't get excited!
-Do you want a gift? Let me buy a gift!
-No, son. Thank you.
Do you want a stick? A luxury stick?
This one is too old. Too old fashioned.
-May be we can varnish this one.
-I don't want anything, son.
-I am so happy, Grandpa!
-Ok!
Leyla aren't you happy? We're so happy,
right?
What happened to you?
What's with the long face?
-My dad called.
-What happened?
He's kicking us out of the house.
He also asked me to pay my debts.
I asked him for a little more time.
Ok, what did he say?
He said, "Screw your time!"
As if the time changes anything!
We can't find that amount of money.
My head!
I'm sorry for what's happening.
It's not important.
We can't be together in any way!
Don't bother. You'll find a solution.
Do you think there is a solution?
I don't know but we've still
saved the world.
It was a piece of cake compared
to this.
Ok Uncle Metin, I'm off then.
See you later. Get well soon.
Don't worry, everything will be ok.
Sevim, what is that smell?
I smeared some vinegar on your head.
It's good for you.
Vinegar? Take it off! It smells awful!
Do you think we should apply potatoes
instead? That's good, too.
-Let's ask that guy on the motorcycle.
-That guy?
-You! Lad!
-Lad?
I'm a 32 year old man!
Oh, you look younger!
I exercise!
We're looking for Grocer Erdal.
Do you know where he is?
-Grocer Erdal?
-Yes.
What are you going to do with Erdal?
We're going to buy flour from him.
We came from Ankara just to buy
flour from him!
-Flour?
-Yes.
Brother, we're the police. Do you know
where this grocer is?
Yes, I know.
Go straight from here then turn left.
You'll see it.
-Straight on the left?
-Yes.
You see? We're on the right track.
He knows, he just asked to
show off!
Why do you bother, Kamil?
Kamil?
How does he know my name?
Here it is, on the left.
Actually it doesn't look like
a grocery store but
there's this sign that says Grocer Erdal.
It's more like a kiosk.
In the end, it's an Istanbul
grocery store.
Hey, this is Super Mario.
Who is he?
You know, there is a scum bag
who sticks his nose in everywhere.
-Oh, the plumber.
-Yes, the plumber.
He plays tricks and is also a womanizer.
-Are you Erdal?
-Yes I am. Who are you?
We're are from the
Istanbul Chamber of Grocers.
We wanted to know
if you are short of something or not.
Is there anything
you are short of, brother?
No, thank you. Everything is fine.
Brother, what kind of a grocer is this?
You sell chicken gyro kebab.
There are oranges.
There's also a water pipe.
-Do you have apple flavored water pipe?
-Yes.
-Do you want some?
-Yes, of course.
-We want it, right?
-No, we don't.
We're from the Ankara Bureau of
Homicide Investigations.
Do you know Dogru, Ahmet?
Ahmet Dogru?
Brother! Do you know Ahmet Dogru?
What's he doing?
I think he's flirting with you!
Are you flirting with me, brother?
No! I didn't do anything.
I knew they'd set me up!
I wasn't by myself. We were all together.
Look here! Can a person confess so easily?
You were so easy!
Since you are confessing, tell us about
Iskender also.
Do you know about Iskender?
Where is he?
Do you know where he is?
Well!
Have a nice day!
Thank you.
Oh! You're going to eat fish for dinner,
brother?
Brother!
Yes we're going to eat fish.
By the way, who are you?
Let me explain who we are.
We're are from Greenpeace.
We're going to measure yours.
-Measure what?
-Fish, we're going to measure the fish!
If they are smaller than my index finger
I'm going to take you to court and then
I'll beat you!
You idiot! Get out off my yard!
Get out!
Chief, do you see what he's doing?
I will make you...
Did you just say Chief?
Yes I did. Are you scared a little?
-Brother, why did you kill Ahmet?
-Ahmet?
There is no murder, Chief. I don't know
Ahmet.
Don't lie to me! Don't make me mad!
I don't want to be harsh!
The grocer told us everything!
He stayed in your house!
Damned Grocer! It's a conspiracy, Chief!
That Grocer is... That Grocer...
They're blaming each other.
Why are you so dumb?
You killed the man, but you left
the murder plan in his pocket.
-Plan?
-Look here!
There is a Grandpa. Is it a code name?
-Code name?
-Look here.
-Is Grandpa a code name?
-Code name?
Come on! Here is the Grandpa!
He has a beard. He is white!
Here is Grandpa!
What is this?
Are you ok?
Actually the middle seat is kind of...
Okay, okay, I'm fine.
Ok. Suit yourselves.
There is more to come!
Grocer!
Who drew up that plan?
Yavuz.
Yavuz?
Do you know where this Yavuz is?
Spit it out!
-Brother! Are you Yavuz?
-Yes.
What are you doing?
Are you stealing the TV
in broad daylight?
Shame on you brother! Am I such a person?
It consumes too much electricity, so I'm
taking it to an authorized service center.
They say this model displays
a wider image, is it true?
What they say is phony, rubbish.
What do you think?
It's an urban legend.
Don't believe any of it.
Ok then, find me one of these models.
I am getting married soon.
Really? How soon?
Don't make fun of him!
Did you draw this?
Where did you find it?
Yes I drew it.
It is kind of piece of art, right?
Yes, it's a piece of art. Come with me!
Where are we going?
Walk! Come with me!
Open the trunk. brother.
Let me put it in your trunk.
Open the trunk!
He's very eager!
Do you know the two of us?
-Aren't you going to open the trunk?
-I will open it!
Easy, easy! Don't scratch it!
I'm holding it. Let it go!
Get inside!
-But it's full!
-Get inside! You incompetent twit!
-Get inside, lengthwise!
-Squeeze!
That's it! Well done!
Get out your feet out of the window.
We can't take any more!
As long as we find them,
we can find a spot for them.
Let's go! The road is clear!
Come a little bit, come, come!
Whom are you waving your hand at?
I am waving at no one.
Anyone can take it personally.
Ok. This is certainly that guy.
-What's your name? Is it Ismail?
-Yes, what do you need that for?
We are out of Ismail stock in Ankara,
so we're looking for shiny new
Ismails here.
-Do you want to come with us to Ankara?
-Really!
Yes!
But I can't come with you.
I am waiting here for the ship.
-What ship?
-Freighter.
Should we leave him?
I think so! Look at him!
Besides, we would need a big spot for him.
No, we can't leave him.
You can sit together. Let's take him.
Sit together? I'm driving, Chief!
What do you mean you are driving?
You drove to here. I will drive
on the way back.
You will sit with this guy
in the front seat
and you will take a rest.
Picture me with this guy
in the front seat.
You're skinny. You should sit together.
Son! You're talking as if you're a woman!
Really! I don't want to interrupt
but you're talking too much!
Why do you care! I'll throw you
on the ground! Now you'll see!
-Stop!
-Get off me! You are huge!
-How can I resist you!
-What's that?
Huge!
What was the other guy's name?
Mecnun!
Do you know Mecnun?
Mecnun! Yes, I know him. He's my brother.
He is not my full brother,
but I love him so much!
Fine. Do you know where we can find him?
There he is!
Mecnun!
What's up?
What do you mean what's up?
I mean what are you doing now?
Nothing! I'm standing. I feel blue!
-Why is that?
-What?
Why is that?
Leyla!
Did she leave you again?
Brother why are you shouting?
Call him over here!
Mecnun, come here.
These guys are calling you.
What?
Come here!
Don't order me around!
Don't make hand gestures!
-Lower your hand or else I'll beat you!
-Easy, easy!
Mecnun! He's not ordering around!
What do you mean he's not
ordering around?
He is not ordering around!
Come here, son! We're the police!
The police?
Please excuse me! There is a big
misunderstanding. How can we solve this?
Why do you still call me brother?
Why didn't you listen to me
while you were there?
For God's sake!
I assumed you were friends with
Brother Ismail.
Friends? With that guy?
Did you really assume that
we were friends?
-Damn me! I'm so sorry!
-Damn you!
-Give me the keys!
-No. I will drive the car.
Give me those keys!
Give them to me!
You'll sit first. I'll sit on the
window side.
-Where am I going to sit?
-There!
How are we supposed to squeeze in there?
Get in! Be careful! Squeeze!
Be careful!
Are you okay?
Yes! It's more comfortable
than business class!
-You?
-The handbrake is kinda...
What are you up to?
I think you should go. I can't travel
long distances. It makes me sick!
Grandpa! Mecnun!
Call me when you get there!
It's 450 km. It's a very long distance.
Come in!
There is a TV inside.
What a nice surprise!
Don't break it!
Is everybody here?
Four in the back.
The fifth is in the trunk.